Bobo you will get your skins come on I
like you for you so now you alright so
we see that some yeah basically this is
specific upon some good part is there
that now they're all scribble on a fried
but basically what I'll do is I will
draw tiny tiny little squiggly drawings
of the pages across I found something at
that table with one of the IBC books I
can tell what these scribbles are I can
tell that this is two people that I have
a mirror behind them with a man's face
leering in it then we're not laid out
the panels which say exactly to the
artist where everything is I'll write
the dialogue just kiss me castle over
I'll deal with this chapter or support
issues get elected for sure codes you
know Jen by penguin I will turn this
graveled
drawing of the page into a very very
detailed text description for the artist
she shat us for manage every year when I
texted anything in description or
addition a dirty version images every
element of the story is in blueprint
here and then I can enlarge upon that
and the clarifier have required for the
artist my scripts because I'm having to
turn those scribbled drawings into
descriptions are very very long across
the supposes use a text to something in
basra video presents a new boot repair
the menu screen refresh buffer info book
you doing
because it work whom are the successful
control or you the cavity of a job lot
yes you should imagine the blood rush of
a Nascimento the time with a trial plus
the personage lik realize the criticism
the consecutive totally accurate I love
them with a pen and a notepad open
imagine the entire finished work in
everyday town
the lettering effects the sort of
replacement of the characters the
lighting the coloring if necessary you
know that gives me a great deal of
control and it's the while always worked
and promptly the way I always will work